Update preset-security-policies.md (#5556)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/security/office-365-security/preset-security-policies.md

3. Custom security policies
4. Default security policies

In other words, the settings of the **Strict protection** policy override the settings of the **Standard protection** policy, which overrides the settings from a custom policy, which overrides the settings from the default policy. 

> For example, if a security setting exists in **Standard protection** and an admin has enabled the **Standard protection** for a user, then the **Standard protection** setting will be applied instead of what is configured for that setting in a custom policy or in the default policy (for the same user). Note: you may have some portion of your org that you want to apply the standard/strict presets only and then for the others in your org you may apply a custom policy to meet specific use cases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, if a security setting exists in **Standard protection** and an admin has enabled the **Standard protection** for a user, then the **Standard protection** setting will be applied instead of what is configured for that setting in a custom policy or in the default policy (for the same user). Note that you might have some portion of your organization to whom you want to apply only the **Standard** or **Strict protection** policy while applying a custom policy to other users in your organization to meet specific needs.
```
